Previously on Raising Kanan...
Uncle Marvin!
It was a white guy with tattoos.
She's lying.
I think I can get her to open up.
She really likes this family she's with.
Had to be this motherfucker 'Nique.
- Where 'Nique?
- 'Nique gone.
The nigga ain't runnin'. Marvin.
He just movin' on.
You need to move the fuck on too.
You double up the Vics?
Also bumped up the Xanax
and the Ritalin.
Looks good.
We heard Breeze been playin' you
to the left for some new kid.
You actin' all grown...
but you still need your mama to wipe...
DefCon was my father too. Kanan.
He was with my moms
before he got with yours.
You and me blood. nigga. Brothers.
We got a spot for you if you lookin'.
I know you didn't just ask me
if I wanted to work for you.
I don't give a fuck
how many niggas you drop.
how many corners you take.
you will never be above me
'cause you can't climb that high. nigga.
Hell. you can't even see me!
Stay up...
gangster.
I know your product top-shelf.
and we got prior business together.
so this shit should be easy.
I'm interested.
Your mother. she's linked up
with Pino Bernardi...
- Your piece.
- An unparalleled cocksucker.
Looks like business is booming.
Bitches wanna get paid.
And Flossie Siegel...
Probably best if you don't
call them bitches.
Who's got a stable of whores
that are now moving
your mother's weight
around the city.
I still hate this shit for you.
Can't tell which one more bootleg.
your car or your crib.
I started paying him to step the fuck off
and also give me information.
- Where's the rest of it?
- I'm gonna get you all of it.
I just need a minute.
I think you need to comprehend
the seriousness of what the fuck this is.
Flossie. she linked up
with this drug dealer
who works out of this
old club in the Village.
Please don't hurt me.
I'll do whatever you want.
That's good. baby.
'cause we gonna need you
to do some shit.
And then the kid who was in charge.
he said. "Tell Raq it was Kanan."
Pino can't protect you forever.
Fuck forever. I'm here right now.
Stefano gonna make a move on us.
We gotta get in front of that shit.
Can't be our people
doin' the work. though.
I can reach out to Memphis.
See if them crackers want it.
You only gonna get
one crack at this work.
Fuck that up. you ain't gonna
make it back to Tennessee.
- What's that?
- Trouble.
Stefano comin' for us.
Not even your mans Don fuckin'
Fettuccine in Manhattan
gon' be able to stop him.
Pino got his own beef with Stefano.
and he a heavy hitter.
Let's see what he talkin' 'bout
before you start
pickin' out our fuckin' tombstones.
The way I see it.
if we don't cop to nothin'.
Pino ain't gon' do nothin'.
That nigga wanna stay paid.
and we makin' him a hell
of a lot of money right now
with these girls movin' our work.
But Flossie might be
dead in' our shit anyway.
She feelin' like there's
somethin' wrong with our dope.
She right about that.
At least when it come to that judge.
Kanan grabbed that girl
and made her serve up that bad yayo.
How the fuck you just tellin' me this?
Because I wanted to figure out
what to do next for myself
before you got stupid out here.
Flossie like you.
You gonna need to smooth
this shit out with her.
What about Kanan?
We're gonna do wit' him
what we're doin' wit' Stefano.
Sit tight and see how shit play out.
Can't just react.
Gotta be smart.
When niggas swimmin'.
they can't tell it's rainin'.
Can't feel that shit at all
'cause they ass already wet.
And it's the same thing when
you get caught up in the game.
You get in so deep.
you don't feel the storm
headed your way.
And by the time you do.
it's too late 'cause you
already drownin' anyway.
So stay out the water. nigga.
That shit ain't for you.
Your mother tried to have me whacked.
I ain't have shit to do with that.
- Word is bond.
- "Word is bond"?
Whatever the fuck that means.
She's your mother. kid.
You expect me to believe that
you'd take my side over hers?
This ain't about her side.
Or your side.
This is about my side.
And right now.
my side is your side.
I warned you
things with her could get messy.
And now... here we are.
Do what you gotta do.
I plan on it.
- You got somethin' for me?
- Man. you always creepin'.
Where's the rest of my fuckin' money?
- You gotta give me a minute.
- I don't gotta give you shit.
I'm a police officer.
I could put a case on you
and your fuckin' family
whenever the fuck I want.
I'm gonna say it again
and you better fuckin' hear me.
Get me my fuckin' money
or something very bad's
gonna happen to you.
There's no love lost
between Manhattan and Queens.
Or me and Stefano Marchetti.
But he's still a fuckin' boss!
I don't know what you talkin' 'bout.
You hired some fuckin'
hillbillies to take him out.
But he turned the tables on you.
I don't know shit about that.
Of course you don't.
This just some bullshit
Stefano cooked up
so you'd step away from me.
Sorry motherfucker
doin' anything he can
to fuck up our business together.
includin' offerin' up some garbage
about how I tried to hit him.
Fuck outta here with that bullshit.
I'll let Stefano know that you and I spoke.
You got some big old fuckin' balls.
Ain't balls.
It's all heart.
Where Breeze shit at?
Who the fuck are you?
I ain't got time for this. man.
Go get me the work.
I don't fuckin' know you. man.
Serious?
I'm wit' Breeze.
You not wit' Breeze
until Breeze tells me you wit' Breeze.
You been seein' Kanan at all?
Not really.
Chopped it up at Lamont's
for a minute a while back.
Kanan busy doin' his own shit.
What kind of shit he doin'?
Whatever the fuck he do.
Why?
Just tryin' to keep track of him.
That cop pressin' up hard on me
for the rest of his money.
Of course he is.
You got that nigga on the take
but you ain't givin' him
what he's supposed to be takin'.
Postin' up behind the bar
ain't payin' me enough.
I still don't know why you fuckin'
with this police in the first place.
All that's gonna be is trouble.
I wanna start movin' my own work.
Hell no.
I'm already posted up at the club.
I didn't want you there.
You forced me into that.
I wanna bring on my own peoples
for deliveries
and take a piece
of whatever they bring in.
You already way closer
to this shit than I ever wanted.
Either I'ma do it wit' you
or I'ma do it wit' somebody else...
but I'm doin' it.
I'm tired of everybody gettin' paid but me.
Your Aunt Raq and me...
gon' take a big piece
of whatever you bring in.
I know how it works.
You think you do.
But you don't.
And that's what scare the hell outta me.
This motherfucker don't wanna listen.
Fuck you doin'. Jorge?
I don't even know this kid
and he's tellin' me what to do?
When he told you me and him
workin' together.
that's all you needed to know.
I never even seen him before.
How was I supposed to know
he was tellin' the truth?
I was protectin' you.
And where's Taz at anyway?
He's the one I usually fuck wit'.
Taz unavailable.
Just like you 'bout to be. nigga.
I understand that you
and the fish man in Queens
are not so friendly anymore.
Don't know what the fuck you heard.
but I ain't got no beef
with anybody out in Queens.
I'm successful and alive
because I have respected
other organizations' boundaries.
and in turn. they have respected mine.
You'd be wise to do the same.
You should take your own advice...
and respect me
and my fuckin' boundaries.
'Cause you oversteppin'. Joaquin.
You have no boundaries.
That's the problem.
Slow down. girl.
That strawberry ain't goin' nowhere.
How your new family treatin' you?
I really like them.
And I think they like me too.
I'm happy for you.
I want you to have a great life.
Uncle Marvin?
The police talked to me again.
And you told 'em what happened.
about the white boy with all them tattoos.
They don't believe me.
And they said they're gonna
take me away
from my new family
if I don't tell the truth.
Police just tryin' to scare you.
They do that with everybody.
They're only gonna know
what you tell 'em.
So stick to that story
and you're good. okay?
Okay. Uncle Marvin.
You went hard as hell on that nigga.
If you throwin' that first punch.
you better be throwin' the last one too.
- There you go.
- That pill shit all me.
Snaps and Pop ain't involved.
I want you to have a piece...
but it gotta stay between us.
That's a good look.
Appreciate it.
I take care of my brother.
I take care of mines.
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
I heard about that shit
wit' your mama's ho.
Who the fuck told you
about that shit? Krank?
Chatty-ass nigga.
Raq hit our shit.
I'ma hit hers.
You wanna hit back...
you gonna have to get somethin' for it.
If it ain't about business.
it ain't about shit.
Wanna fuck wit' your moms.
make sure it's about this work.
Business gotta be personal.
Personal gotta be business.
To what do I owe this fuckin' pleasure?
I heard you dodged another bullet.
Just wanna make sure
you're safe and sound.
Men like us are never safe.
And the only sound we hear
is the clock ticking away
on the time we got left.
Hello. Come in. Come in.
You want coffee?
No. I'm fine.
Here. Come.
Sit over here. Sit here.
I was horrified.
When I heard what happened...
It's a fuckin' sacrilege!
The call came from your house.
The fuckin' dark queen of death
over there.
Raquel Thomas.
I asked her about it.
She said she had nothin' to do with it.
Bullshit.
I got it straight from the trailer trash
she hired to hit me that it was her.
It's my understanding that the shooters
are no longer with us
to confirm this particular
version of events.
You callin' me a liar. Pino?
No. I'm not callin' you anything.
My friend. I'm merely suggesting
that you and Raquel
have a turbulent past.
But that's got nothin' to do with me.
She works for you.
She works for herself!
I'm just her current landlord
from whom she rents space
to conduct her business.
If she owes back rent
to her former landlord.
that ain't my fuckin' problem.
She pays her rent.
On time and in full.
And. Stefano...
just so we understand each other...
anybody fucks with my tenants...
they fuck with me.
When it come to family
in the same line of work.
sometimes business
and personal get all crossed up.
For my mom.
that shit is one and the same.
Raq only half of you.
You still half Stark. Remember that.
How you both DefCon's son
and Snaps and Pop's nephew?
Far as I know. they wasn't
family to each other.
I woulda heard that shit.
Snaps my mama's brother.
They name's Henry. though.
Where Frady come from?
After Def went in...
my moms met some righteous nigga.
Married her. and gave us his name.
You know Raq killed DefCon.
Heard rumors.
Your moms took out our pops
and grabbed up his work.
That's how she move.
That's how she do.
Snaps and Pop loved Def.
That's why they hate Raq
so damn much.
I ain't know the nigga Def
enough to give a fuck about him.
but you should know
your moms ain't hesitate puttin'
down the father of her child.
Family don't mean shit to her.
Nobody need to tell me who my moms is.
Not ever.
Thought you was done
with this Lo-Life. Juke.
I hit you 'cause I got other work for you.
Real work.
Sound like Juke on that
Southside Jamaica gangsterism.
You gon' be makin' ten times
what you was makin'
behind that Lo-Life bullshit.
No more robbin' trucks or stores.
Just straight deliveries.
I'm tryin' to get at
the rest of the old crew too.
I got work for everybody.
Check you out. bringin' the ruckus.
The ruckus been brought. nigga.
Now it's time to get paid.
That's what I'm talkin' about. Yeah!
Situation with Judge Baker
is a real disaster. Marvin.
He was bought and paid for
by quite a few people.
so his loss is gonna impact
their business.
Need to make sure that
the product you're putting out
isn't gonna kill anyone else.
This junkie-ass judge took
more than he could handle.
Shit ain't got nothin' to do with our dope.
Okay. Well. I'm putting my trust in you.
I can't have any more
of my clients dropping dead.
That's bad for business. Yours and mine.
What you call this again?
A "ba sistah"?
A bat mitzvah.
You're really interested
in all this Jewish stuff.
I like when somebody
believe in somethin'.
There's a bat mitzvah
almost every Saturday
at Park Avenue Synagogue
right down the street.
Just let me know if you wanna go.
you can be my plus-one.
I'm down.
So you don't ever talk about
what happened to your daughter.
My bad.
I get it. I'm sorry.
Shit ain't none of my business.
No. It's okay.
It's just that it hurts.
But just because it hurts
doesn't mean I don't talk about it.
In fact. my shrink said
I'm supposed to talk about what hurts.
That it's the best thing I can do.
I heard that.
It's the oldest story in the book.
Shira fell for the wrong guy.
He was a real piece of shit.
Son of one of these Wall Street assholes
and the kid liked to drink.
So they were at his family's
house in the Hamptons
and he needed cigarettes.
So he and Shira got in his car.
and they didn't even make it
half a mile away
before he crossed the double line
and drove head-on
into a fucking delivery van.
Shira was killed.
Instantly.
He walked away with
just a bruise on his shoulder.
And then his rich father
got him a great lawyer
and he skated with probation.
That's that white man's justice.
About a year later. he was drunk
on the subway platform
at 14th Street late at night
and...
somehow fell in front of the 3 train.
They were mopping up
what was left of him for days.
Them platforms pretty big.
I guess he was pretty drunk then.
Look what the cat dragged in.
I was in the neighborhood.
Bullshit you were.
I might have some work for you.
Doing what?
Shit that'll pay your bills.
Despite what you might think.
I don't come cheap.
If you did...
I wouldn't fuck wit' you.
Who are you?
Where's Taz?
Y'all are fuckin' wit' me now.
That gon' be a problem?
Man. fuck Lil' Taz.
He was a dick.
Always bitchin' about somethin'.
More like Lil' Spaz.
you know what I'm sayin'?
Get this shit out my ride.
Grab this. Out here.
You know how to do it? Okay.
Hey. come talk over with me.
What do you know
about Raquel Thomas?
I know everybody always talkin' 'bout her.
Seem like she always
up in the mix somehow.
That's because she's a fuckin' plague.
Like an infection that-
that lingers and festers.
I need you to disrupt her operation.
even though we can't hit her directly.
She's got protection from Manhattan.
But we can fuck up her supply.
And if she can't earn.
she ain't worth lookin' after
and Pino will cut her loose.
Kanan sayin' Raq usin' hos
to move product in the city.
Yeah. I'm-I'm aware.
I'll handle that piece of it.
Don't take this
the wrong way. Mr. Marchetti.
but what the fuck does Raq
have to do with our work?
I mean. we up in Queens while
she fuckin' wit' Manhattan.
I don't care if she's in
Tipperary or Timbuk-fuckin'-tu.
She tried to kill me.
She's gotta answer for that.
This ends with her dead.
No other conclusion to
this story's acceptable to me.
We're not doin' that. Kanan.
You sure?
This isn't just about money
for me anymore.
Bein' with you is about the only place
I feel safe right now.
One of the other girls
was with this trick who ended up
dying from this blow she sold him.
Flossie sayin' he ODed. but...
I heard she got grabbed up
and these guys forced her
to move bad shit.
Damn.
I don't know if it's true.
And I don't even wanna know.
Either way. this shit's fucked up.
I ain't gon' let nothin' bad
happen to you. Jarita.
I got you.
I promise.
Why don't you take some glazed
home to the fam?
That's the rest of what she owes you.
It's about fuckin' time.
I wasn't gon' get involved.
it's my daughter's deal. not mine. but...
she's still a kid so she don't
know how this shit work yet.
You got all your money now.
Tell me what you know about Famous.
Nothin' more than
what's already out there.
He disappeared
and then his body turned up.
No idea who did it or why.
Street sayin' police did him.
Let's not start pointin' fingers
at our new friend. Juke.
The police just don't murder people.
Now you just sayin' dumb shit.
Niggas out here target practice for police.
What you know about these cops.
Buckley and Roland?
What about 'em?
They dirty.
I don't know that to be true.
but even if they are.
they're not out here killin' people.
They're shakedown guys.
Small-timers.
Well...
you big-time now. detective.
You got your money.
Go get me information about Fame.
It's not like I can
just magically solve some case
that's been cold for months.
You're gonna need to manage
your expectations.
I gotta go.
I hope it's gon' be worth your money.
That cop.
better hope it's gon' be worth my money.
I visited with Stefano.
Needless to say.
he was in a very sour mood.
Fuck Stefano Marchetti and his mood.
I vouched for you.
Told him you're not to be touched.
But...
he's pretty fuckin' pissed off.
What's that mean?
It means he knows you tried to kill him.
And even more importantly.
he knows that I know
you tried to kill him.
And that's not something
he can simply ignore.
You above him.
He ain't gon' fuck wit' you.
No one's ever content
with their current station in life. Raquel.
They're always looking
to climb the ladder.
Takin' me out...
would be a real feather in Stefano's cap.
So you think he want your spot
and he comin' for you?
Not yet.
but sometime
in the not too distant future.
I'm quite certain he'll make his move.
Fear not. though.
I'll get to him before he gets to me.
I always do.
Meanwhile. I heard a rumor
that your son is working with Stefano.
Any merit to said rumor?
Kanan do what he wanna do.
I ain't checkin' him like that.
What a tangled web we weave.
So Kanan is in league.
with the same guy who wants
to put a bullet in your head.
and that doesn't concern you?
What concerns me is moving
this work and making this money.
Anything outside of that is noise
that's fuckin' wit' my focus.
Look...
Kanan a damn kid.
He just figured out how to tie
his own fuckin' shoes last week.
If I ain't worried about him.
you shouldn't be neither.
If-If I may offer a piece
of unsolicited advice.
I'd be very mindful of your kid.
If he's in cahoots with Stefano.
you can be goddamn sure.
he's sharing all sorts of family secrets.
And that's not good.
For you or me.
I'm keepin' an eye on him.
If I were you. I'd be
doing a hell of a lot more
than just keepin' an eye on him.
You got kids?
Two boys and a girl.
Older. though.
So you know how these kids
always actin' out.
tryin' to make space
between them and they parents.
They gotta fuck shit up wit' you
so they can feel like they grown.
Shrinks call it "soiling the nest."
But they're talkin' about kids
stayin' out too late
or not doin' the fuckin' dishes.
It's a very different proposition
than Kanan working with the cocksucker
that wants you dead!
I'm not takin' out my son.
if that's what you gettin' at. Mr. Bernardi.
Not for you or nobody else.
Who said anything about takin' him out?
I'm just saying
kids need discipline.
And a good parent knows
when to use a heavy hand.
And...
I'm just wondering...
are you a good parent. Raquel?
You wanna go for dinner later
or something?
I got a date. but I can blow it off.
I got business to handle.
What kind of business is that?
The kind of business
that ain't nobody else business.
I'm not a dummy. Kanan.
I know you into some shit
and I knew it right when I met you.
I'ma take you out tomorrow.
Somewhere good.
Be safe.
Now that I'm givin' freebies.
I'm invested in you.
As soon as you set foot in Queens.
cost of real estate doubled.
So now it's a dime instead of a nickel?
You.
Hi. Stefano. It's good to see you.
How are you. sweetheart?
Geez. every time I lay eyes on you.
I understand why your father
kept you away from all us goombahs.
Well. wish he had done the same
when it came to orthodontists.
Woulda saved me
from a fucked up marriage
and an even shittier divorce.
Well. therein lies the rub.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
At least you know what you're gettin'
when it comes to one of us.
Civilians?
Full of surprises.
I'm here out of respect for you. Stefano.
For you.
and what you meant to my father.
But...
I can't let you tell me
how to run my business
and I won't have you tell me
who I can and can't work with.
She's a cancer. Flossie.
Raq lays waste to anything she touches.
I respect you too much
to even have this conversation.
but what you need to understand.
on principle alone.
is that I will not allow anyone
to make decisions for me about my work.
I'm sure you feel the same way
about your organization.
And I would never dare force your hand.
I'm just trying to alert you to a threat
that is in your midst.
You look good.
You're aging gracefully.
Yeah. smoke and mirrors.
Doc says my-my colon
looks like Dresden.
Dresden's still here.
So are you.
I have endless affection for you. Floss.
That's why I feel compelled
to tell you one last time...
she's trouble.
The affection is mutual
and the warning is appreciated.
Moshe'd be real proud of you.
Until he took his last breath.
my father wanted me to be a boy.
So the only way I could make him proud
is to figure out a way to grow a dick.
Well. you know. dicks are overrated.
Tell me about it.
Load up on broccoli and cauliflower.
It's good for the colon.
- Okay.
- Good to see you. Stefano.
Well. look. take care. okay?
- Okay. Thanks.
- All right.
Bye.
You drop to 100.
Let's go to Donna who had $9.500.
And she too is shaking her head.
Why is that? She wrote down.
"What is economics?"
So if you risked more than $3.200.
then Dave Gordon...
will be the new Jeopardy! Champion.
Your wager was...
$4.301.
- You risked...
- Fuckin' Final Jeopardy!
Takin' out all these suck as.
You ready to do this?
Can't call it.
'Cause I don't know
what the fuck we doin'.
We workin'. nigga.
Always workin'.
I missed you.
I missed you too.
We're playing...
office girl tonight.
Let me go try it on.
Was it too big or too small?
I'm not feelin' so good. Maybe next time.
W-Wait! Maybe...
Maybe we could...
The same thing
will happen to you someday.
And I'm gonna deserve it.
Just like you.
Kanan!
Go! Go!
You still workin' the Figueroa case?
I know it landed back on your desk.
Shawn Figueroa?
By the time the four-zero sent it back.
just looking at that case
gave me frostbite.
Nothing to do there.
One of my CIs is saying
maybe cops were involved.
Police involved in killing that kid?
- Get the fuck outta here.
- Yeah. that's what I was saying
but the CI is standing by it.
How many of us
even knew about the case?
Truth is. no one was even
really paying attention
before the fuckin' feds tried
to connect Figueroa to Howard.
I need you to grab up one
of Kanan's bike boys.
I thought you said you ain't
want me to do nothin'.
I said we need to be smart
before we make our next move.
And smart is pullin' up
on one of Kanan's friends
from Little League?
We need intel. Marvin.
Gotta understand what we up against
before we bring in
the fuckin' heavy artillery.
We in Manhattan now.
Why we still fuckin' wit' Queens?
I mean. I kinda understand
the hit on Stefano.
he was tryin' to fuck
wit' our business. but Kanan?
He fucked wit' our product.
- Killed that judge.
- And we handled it.
Beefed up security.
and Flossie ain't gon' change nothin'.
We make a bigger deal out of it.
it's gonna be a bigger deal.
Look. Kanan and Stefano partners.
which make 'em one
and the motherfuckin' same.
And I know my son.
He ain't finished fuckin' wit' me.
Stefano comin' for us
behind the hit we fucked up
and we pullin' down high school
niggas on ten speeds?
Feel like we look-lookin'
in the wrong direction.
We need to be lookin' everywhere.
If you could just leave it
downstairs with my doorman.
then I can pick it up later.
Thank you so much.
I appreciate your help
and I'll follow up with you after.
Bye-bye.
Your last client called me.
saying you went home sick?
That time of the month.
Wasn't feelin' well.
Not according to my calendar.
Whatever. I just wasn't in the mood.
You get paid to be in the mood.
And this isn't the first date
you've fucked up.
You were late for one last week.
and you left another one early
the week before.
- What's goin' on?
- I just got shit on my mind.
That's all.
We're not selling your mind.
We're selling your ass.
Pull yourself together. Jarita.
What's good?
Raq's cops didn't do Famous.
You came here to tell me shit
I already know?
I have that detective on it. Garcia.
The fuck?
Since when is Juke talkin' to police?
Garcia was on Fame's case for a minute.
Fuck Garcia.
And fuck all that shit with Fame.
It don't matter no more.
He was your best fuckin' friend.
You don't wanna know
who did him like that?
He loved you. man.
Yo.
They found whose scooter in the road?
Primo?
Fuck.
How bad?
Damn.
I'm just the fuckin' delivery guy!
I don't know shit!
What Kanan sayin' about me?
Kanan don't talk about you!
Not to me!
Again.
This little nigga ain't got nothin'.
He knows shit. He just need convincin'.
But all you wanna know is
whether Kanan talkin' about you?
Fuck's that got to do with our work?
Kanan sent a message.
I'm sendin' one back.
Not like this.
We in a war. Marvin!
And this nigga is a soldier.
Yo! What the fuck?!
This drama wit' Kanan ain't worth all this!
You takin' your shit with him
and puttin' it on everybody else!
Kanan killed Lou.
What the fuck you just say?
Wasn't Unique.
It was Kanan.
He put down our brother.
You need to come with me
next time I spit at Garcia.
He'll tell you.
I'ma have to get at you later. Juke.
Got some shit goin' on.
Kanan!
Dad. stop! What the fuck are you doin'?
Punk-ass motherfucker. I always knew...
Stop!
You were no good.
Stop! No. no. no! Stop!
It's 'cause you had no daddy
to put you in your place.
What the fuck. Dad?!
What the fuck?
So now I'm gonna have to put you
through the fuckin' ground. nigga.
No. no. stop. No. no. no!
Dad! Dad! Stop!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Dad! Dad! Stop! Stop!
Stop! What you doin'? Stop!
Kanan killed Lou!
Your own fuckin' cousin
killed your uncle!
No. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. You're not gonna do that. No.
You fuckin' hear what I said?
- Kanan killed Lou.
- No. No. Let's go.
Dad. please. Please! Let's go.
Please! Please. let's go!
You lookin' for that scooter nigga.
he dead.
- Just like you gon' be.
- Come on.
Come on.
You don't never
forget a whuppin' like that.
Shit stay wit' you.
But what don't kill you
only make you better.
So you get strong.
You get mean.
And then you get even.